Tutorial costs are free (the mod assumes you use "Onboarding")

-Categories:
    3. MAM Research
    3.1. Progressive MAM (ie: Depot Upgrades) positions are not randomized, but their costs are.**

**Hard to ensure they are in order.

Info:
    1. Handcrafts: The first unlockable crafting station will have it's recipes able to be made by hand. Recipes with liquids may appear for handcrafting, but you obviously can't make them.
    2. Craft unlocked != Craft Possible.
    3. Production buildings may not be able to reach 100% efficiency on certain recipes.
    4. Excited Photonic Matter may not be free. Blame Ficsit.
    5. Scannable resources and basic game essentials are not moved. I didn't know how to do it and I dont' get paid enough for that (or paid at all tbh).
    6. MAM researches are treated as normal milestones.
    7. All materials are treated the same, so you could end up with the screw being as expensive as a vanilla plutonium fuel rod and vice versa.
    8. If for whatever reason introducing the same seed and settings create different paths for different players, you can work arround it by having one player create the files and send them to the others. This should be reported as a bug regardless.
    9. Particle accelerator/Converter recipes use energy based on the tier of the recipe. Generating 1500MW on Biomass Burners is only fun the 1st time.
    10. Crafting times used have 2 decimals, the game only shows 1, so the craft time displayed might be slightly inaccurate, the production/consumption per miute is correcth though.
    11. If the randomizer takes too long, it's probably in an infinite loop, happens in some seeds. Close it and run again (chaning the seed if you introduced it manually).
    12. Values of 0 may crash the randomizer if they are for quantities. For probabilities, 0 should be fine.
    13. Negative values for probabilities will be either treated as 0, produce unexpected results or crash the randomizer. Idem for 100 and values over it.  Don't put either preferably.
    14. Space elevator stages untouched (Changing them would be a pain and the path to get to it is already random anyway).
    15. Milestones are not necessarily linear, tier 1 milestones could need tier 9 materials to unlock. In this case, anything unlocked by that tier 1 milestone won't be needed until it's unlockable.
    16. Limited resources like slugs, hard drives and wood/leaves are only used in alternate recipes to avoid softlocks.
    17. Blueprint maker tier 2 milestone is not randomized. I didn't find the milestone on my first try and decided not to bother.

-Options (Toggle):
    1. Ore location:
        Located: You don't need ores you can't scan to unlock the ability to scan them. Uranium will only be needed for progression if you can have radiation protection. A lot of things will come from iron (for better or worse).
        Unlocated: Any ore can be part of any recipe. Uranium will only be needed for progression if you can have radiation protection.
        Radiation Party: Uranium could be needed for progression before having radiation protection.
    2. Belts:
        Easy: Tier 1 belts, splitters and mergers use small amounts of early materials and are unlocked in the tutorial.
        Medium: Tier 1 belts use small amounts of early materials and are unlocked in the tutorial. Other belts and poles can use anything.
        Hard: Guarantees access to tier 1 belts in the tutorial. Their recipes may be expensive.
        Mr Transport Wagon: Completely random, you could end up with no access to belts for part/most of your playthrough.
    3. Electricity:
        Easy: Basic electric poles, powerlines and biomass burners use early materials only and are unlocked in the tutorial. Basic electric poles and powerlines also use small amounts of them.
        Medium: Basic electric poles, powerlines and biomass burners use early materials only and are unlocked in the tutorial. They may be expensive.
        Hub Burners Carry: Basic electric poles and powerlines are unlocked early. They may be expensive. You're not guaranteed a powersource.
        Happy Handcrafting: Completely random.
    4. Waste (The "desired" output is the one for which the recipe is generated, even if you like more the other output):
        Easy: Recipes only have 1 output, so you don't need to handle a second resource you may not need.
        Medium: Recipes can have solid outputs other than the desired, but the Awesome sink recipe will be available early and will have a simple recipe.
        Hard: Recipes can have solid outputs other than the desired and the Awesome sink may not be available or have really hard crafting recipe.
        No U: Recipes can have solid/liquid outputs other than the desired and the sink may not be available or have really hard crafting recipe. Packaging to get rid of liquids may or may not be easy, you may need many deposits (if they're even available) and manual flushing.
    6. Station bias (I don't know which provides better results, you'll have to try them):
        None: The stations are selected completely random, this makes the earlier unlocked stations have way more recipes than the later ones.
        Slight bias: Increases the chance of using stations unlocked later for later recipes, increaseing (hopefully) station variability leaning slightly on newer unlocked stations.
        Medium Bias: Increases the chance of using stations unlocked later for later recipes, increaseing (hopefully) station variability leaning on newer unlocked stations.
        Heavy Bias: Increases the chance of using stations unlocked later for later recipes, increaseing (hopefully) station variability leaning heavily on newer unlocked stations.
    7. Inventory slots: (The number of upgrades that give slots is not randomized, only the amount of slots they give and the milestones/MAM research they appear in).
        Fixed: The amount of slots is fixed, uses Max value (with this option Min values is ignored).
        Random: The amount of slots is random between the values provided.
            Max: Number (min 1).
            Min: Number (min 1).
    8. Alternate Recipes:
        Nope: Alternate recipes removed from the game (still, you can get some materials as byproduct appart from their main recipe depending on Waste setting).
        Randomized: Alternate recipes have both random ingredients and products. They may create alternative paths to beating the game.
    9. Long Route Bias:
        None: Milestones are randomized entirely.
        Slight: Tries to make the game longer by trying to put milestones later in the logic.
        Medium: Tries to make the game longer by trying (harder than slight) to put milestones later in the logic.
        Heavy: Tries to make the game longer by trying (harder than medium) to put milestones later in the logic.
    10. Advanced Logging (true/false): Logs many things helpful for troubleshooting, but is way slower. Use only for debugging.

    1. V
    2. V
    3. V
    4. V
    6. V
    7. 
    8. 
    9. V
    10. V

-Options (Insert Value): Don't put the Max Stack or Max items to 0, for free recipes use the specific option.
    0. Seed.
    1. Max stack per craft: Maximum number of each component needed for a craft. Over 50 will generate recipes that cannot be made (the code actually caps it at 50 though).
    2. Max produced per craft: Maximum number of each component produced by a craft. Over 50 will generate recipes that cannot be made (the code actually caps it at 50 though).
    3. Max stack per structure: Maximum number of each component needed to build with the builder tool. Big values will need a lot of inventory slots to build (this could render the seed unbeatable).
    4. Max items per structure: Maximum number of different items to build with the builder tool. Big values will need a lot of inventory slots to build (this could render the seed unbeatable).
    5. Max stack per milestone: Maximum number of each component needed to complete a milestone. Accepts numbers in the thousands at least. Not sure how high it has to be to break.
    6. Max items per milestone: Maximum number of different items to complete a milestone. Accepts numbers in the thousands at least. Not sure how high it has to be to break.
    7. Max time per milestone: Maximum time to research a new milestone after completing one or time to complete a MAM research.
    10. Max time to craft: Maximum time needed for a craft.
    11. Handcrafting speed min,max: Multiplier for handcrafting speed. Lower is faster (the base game value is usually between 0.5 and 1 depending on recipe).
    12. Input bias: Higher numbers mean that the randomizer will try to use more different ingredients per recipe/milestone. 100 means always will use all slots, 0 means all recipes use 1 input/output slot, 50 means there's no bias. If waste is in easy, this only affects ingredients.
    13. Max recipes used: Maximum number of recipes that can use a materials. The randomizer will increase this value if it can't complete a randomization. Lower values ensure component diversity.
    14. Free Chance: Chance for a randomizable to be free, like Excited Photonic Matter, except that one may no longer be free. This affects Structures and milestones too.

    1. In component sequencer. V
    2. In component sequencer. V
    3. In Structure Sequencer. V
    4. In Structure Sequencer. V
    5. In Milestone Sequencer. V
    6. In Milestone Sequencer. V
    7. In Milestone Sequencer.  V
    10. In component sequencer. V
    11. In component sequencer. V
    12. In component sequencer. V
    13. In component sequencer. V
    14. In Material selection. V

TODO:

Balance progression.

(alternate crafts not in alternate crafts folder)
Recipe_Biomass_Wood, Mycelia and AlienProtein will be handled as alternate recipe.
Ficsites iron and cat too.
Same for protein from animals.
Same for recipe for power shards
Same for Residual fuel, plastic and oil
Same for ResourceConversion from converter

Heavy Oil Needs a essential recipe (can have it replace an alternate)

Equipment is a different object

MAM and store purchases not added yet.

Hazmat filter is equipment?

Check Crafting station names (quantum encoder seems to be nothing and converter is quantum encoder?)

Says all elevetor parts recipes couldn't be loaded.

Items to remove/edit (not found, may mean they don't exist or their Desc name is not the same as recipe):
    IngotCopper
    ConveyorPoleWall
    IngotSteel
    AluminumSheet
    AILimiter
    IngotSAM
    Biomass_leaves
    Screw
    SyntheticPowerShard
    Quickwire
    Concrete
    EncasedIndustrialBeam
    FicsiteIngot_AL
    FusedModularFrame
    RadioControlUnit
    HeatSInk
    SuperpositionOscilator
    IngotCaterium
    SteelBeam

    Not checked every fail (too many of them repeated).

